java c
Java Lab7 
Fall 2022 
In this lab, you will practice with methods.
1. Create a project named Lab7 with a class named Lab7Main.      Copy the   file   "paPop.csv"   from   Canvas   into your main project directory.    This file is a comma-separated value   (CSV)   file that   contains   information   about   the population density of   Pennsylvania over a range of   years. The   format is   ,   one   set per   line, where year is an integer and density is a   double.2.   Create   a   class   named   YearPop   that   contains   two   fields:   int   year and double pop. It should have an overloaded   constructor that   sets   the member   data,   and   it   should   have getters for the data   (but not   setters).
3. Lab7Main should have this member data:
- a File object named myfile,   set to null;
- a   Scanner object named fileScanner,   set to null
- an ArrayList named data to hold the file data,   set to null
Create these methods in Lab7Main (Note: except for main(), these   are *not* static methods. Use regular   methods.):- boolean openFile(filename) that takes a   String parameter called filename and new's up myfile using   filename.   Then, in a try-catch block, as we've done in other   code, new up   fileScanner with   myfile.   If   that   fails,   display   an   error message and return false (instead of   calling exit( )   like we   did before),   otherwise return   true.
- YearPop makeData(line) that takes one   String parameter named line in the CSV format   above,   splits   it,   creates   a new YearPop object with that data in it, and returns   that   object.
- void createList( ) should new up data; use a   loop to read   lines   from   the   data   file,   one   at   a   time;   call   makeData   on each line; then place the returned YearPop object into the data ArrayList.
- double findYear(year) should look for year in the ArrayList   data;   if   it   finds   it, return   the population   density;   if   not, return -1.0 (an   error   code).
- main( ): new-up a   Scanner代 写Java Lab7 Fall 2022Java
代做程序编程语言 object for reading from the keyboard; new-up   a   Lab7Main   object   called   lab   and call openFile( ) to open the data file; call   createList(   )   to   read   the   data; prompt   the user   for   a   year;   use   findYear( ) to get the population density and display   it   like this: 
Year:   1908 
Population density:   165.073
then ask the user if   they want to look up another (use Y or N) – loop until the   user   enters N.
4. This has nothing to do with the rest of   the lab; it's   just recursion practice. Write   a static recursive method with this signature:
public static int computeFibonacci(int   first,   int   second,   int   n)
that computes the n'th entry of   the Fibonacci sequence, which   is   (normally)   0,   1,   1,   2,   3,   5,   8,   13,   21,   34,   …   This   is generated by starting with two integers (normally 0   and   1),   adding them   together to   get   the   next   value   (1), adding those next two to get the next value (2), and so   on.   So   if   the program   calls   computeFibonacci(0,1,7)
it should return   13 (counting from 0, of   course),   and you   should   display:
Fibonacci   #7 =   13The call could set first and   second to   anything, but   always   call   it with   0   and   1   to   keep   things   simple;   try   it   out   with different values of   n. The stopping condition is: when the parameter n   is   0,   just   return   first, but   for   some   larger   value   of   n, compute   the   n-1'th   Fibonacci   number   by   recursion.
Note: this is a pretty common problem, so you   *could* find the   solution   on   the web, but   don't – try   to   code   this to   get   some   practice   with   recursion. You   might   want   to   print   the   values   of   the   parameters   for   debugging purposes. 
Deliverable: Add your name and Andrew id to the comment at the top of   the   LabMain.java   file.   Upload   the   file   to   Canvas   (no   need   to   upload   YearPop.java).



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
